one in the morning when i'm recording
this normally i'm a sweet by this time
but Cydonia no kishi has me wide awake
right now cuz damn that was an amazing
episode okay guys episode 4 going in I
did not think I would like to show you
know first off it was cg you know most
shows with CG typically aren't that good
however cg the shows and bad and then
you know this good action and you know
good comedic moments and now we get to
episode 4 amazing okay now here's the
thing there are so many amazing moments
and actions within this episode and that
Justice episode of Wohn can't beat you
know a lot of other shows just by this
episode of one because it was amazing so
basically they squad got wiped out from
my step aside you know we know that so
they end up having it pull a pretty
really tragic maneuver basically now
they have to use the right froster i
believe on Cydonia and basically causing
the gravity to shift blah blah blah and
causing many many many casualties as
well as damage inside Cydonia it's
amazing the commander has my utmost
respect at this moment because doing a
decision like that it's not easy any
decision like that is a very tough one
to make and the commander has she has my
respect I mean I mean like just myself I
cannot imagine you know making a
decision like that where I know I be the
person who caused the deaths of who
knows how many people I mean that would
be a regret for pretty much anybody for
the rest of their wives that they killed
you know you know dozens hundreds maybe
thousands of people because of one
choice they made and she made it and it
was amazing and then we have the entire
thing afterwards where we have tani kaze
basically beating the gaana that ended
wiping out the upper unit now sure you
can say Tommy cause I you know has is a
main character probably of course is
going to beat it but he has training
he's been using the thick mecha that
he's been he's currently piloting for
who knows how long because of the things
that he was in so and he's very very
skilled so the thing is it's actually i
would say technically he is more skilled
than the other pilots you know just from
skill level fighting ghana he is and it
really does show that he didn't hesitate
whatsoever when he was fighting it he
just what his instincts take over and he
went in balls deep and destroyed the
ghana and man just overall guys this
episode one of the best episodes i've
seen throughout this entire season if
not the best episode i've seen this
entire season and Sidonia i did not
think I'd be saying this it's in my top
three it's in my top three of the season
I did not think I would be saying that
but man the episode was so much more
epic than anything I've seen from no
game no life it's no game no I've got
bumped down the number four man this
episode guys now if you have not checked
out knights of cydonia go check it out
guys it is entirely entirely worth it
for you guys to just all go watch it and
if you don't like it at the beginning
maybe it's because you don't want the CG
or just seems standard prop up on just
get the episode four and if you're not
entertained or find something
interesting by episode 4 which is this
episode and then I will completely
respect anybody here will drop the
series but in my opinion I think this
anime has a lot of bad rep i guess i can
say because i'm just going to wound a
lot of sites and it is wait rated a very
very very well and it really saddens me
to see that and a lot of it is just
because of the CG now the sea genus is
not bad it's you know pretty good and
don't like the CG bother you this is
just a personal across from me watch it
and don't let the CG pop for you because
i personally fully recommend this anime
wholeheartedly it is one of my favorites
of the season as I said and it's not
much more I can say other than I like
beef jerky boot Ricky's very good so
that out of the way thank you guys for
watching I can't wait for more I need
episode 5 right now ah anyway cydonia no
kishi amazing series